every little coati has just one golden
rule to remember don't lose sight of
mums tail the babies are not just
discovering a new place they're here to
learn about foraging from the grown-ups
but for some there are just too many
distractions all around them are
extraordinary creatures each little
coati must learn which creatures are
safe and which are dangerous southern
lapwings
are good to have around they follow the
coatis to pick up small bugs the family
disturbs as they forage in return they
keep an eye out for predators armadillos
can usually be ignored so can giant
anteaters
but a Savannah who is a different matter
[Music]
with so many babies in the crash the
mother is unsure that everyone's made it
home her instincts are right one of them
hasn't mums tale is nowhere to be seen
[Music]
[Applause]
brazil's grasslands are not always this
forgiving but he's learned a valuable
lesson